Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Compared with the research on dogs.
the research on cats
is approximately 15 years behind.
First of all.
you need to become friends with the kitty.
It's important that the cat
trusts you completely.
The cat shouldn't expect
any surprises from you.
Cats are sensitive animals.
People who do not like cats often say
that they don't understand
what cats are thinking.
If you look at
a cat. at their eyes. their ears.
the way they are wagging their tails.
if you observe them.
you can start understanding
how a cat feels.
Movements of the tail
have various meanings.
When a dog is wagging his tail.
people say that it is happy.
That's not the case for a cat.
When I come home.
and a cat is coming towards me.
holding its tail straight up.
it is in a good mood.
It's saying. "Welcome home.
Where have you been? I missed you."
When its tail is fluffed up.
that is true fear!
A cat has
20 different sounds
to express its emotions.
Cats that live with humans meow a lot.
When a cat meows loudly and clearly once.
it often means
that the cat is demanding something.
"I'm hungry. but there's no food
in my bowl."
"I want water."
or. "Please open this door."
When a cat
makes sounds with its throat.
it's feeling really great…
…a little bit enchanted or mesmerized.
That is the sound it makes.
Not every cat can do special tricks.
You must observe the cat
to understand what she is capable of
and teach them things
based on their strengths.
It's like
with humans. Some are great at computers.
Some can be great ballerinas.
You wouldn't teach computers
to a ballerina.
Dogs see
their owners as gods.
But cats think of themselves as gods.
Cats don't want to do
what they don't like.
They want to sleep
when they want to sleep.
eat when they want to eat.
play when they want to play.
I realized
that we can observe different behaviors
in cats in the US and the ones in Japan.
In Japan. cats have a hard time
with unfamiliar places.
However. cats I saw in the US…
…act normal even in unfamiliar places.
So Japanese and American cats
might have different personalities.
I realized
that our cultural differences affect cats.
Japan is an island nation.
Most cat owners keep
their cats completely indoors.
People in Japan
rarely have a party at home.
Therefore. for cats in Japan.
the frequency of meeting strangers
is much less than for cats in the US.
These might be factors contributing
to the differences between cats in Japan
and cats in the US.
Cats love their owners very much.
I believe that my cats definitely love me.
There is still so much
we don't know about cats.
The future will bring
more discoveries bit by bit.
I can't imagine my life without cats.
They are my animals. I feel them.
And I hope they love me
as much as I love them.